You spend a day with Trump and sort of
like you're in this kind of dreamland.
It's like smoking hash [clears throat]
or something. It's interesting. Very
interesting.
[music]
I'm Lulu Garcia Navaro and I'm in Maine
to interview Tucker Carlson. For many
years, Carlson was one of President
[music] Trump's most vocal supporters.
>> I mean, I've always agreed with Trump's
policies, always. And here I am with a
fullthroated,
utterly sincere endorsement of Donald
Trump.
>> But recently, Carlson has publicly
broken [music] with Trump. He's not only
come out against Trump's decision to go
to war with Iran.
>> This is the single most foolish thing
[music] any American president has ever
done.
>> He now says he regrets supporting the
president. [music]
>> You know, we'll be tormented by it for a
long time. I will be.
>> And has become a vocal and influential
critic of the administration. This whole
thing is like dooming anyone connected
to it for the foreseeable future,
including the entire Republican party.
>> This puts Carlson at the center of a
major battle on the right over Israel,
[music]
over foreign interventions, and over the
postTrump world itself. [music]
Here's my interview with Tucker Carlson.
>> Tucker Carlson,
>> thanks for having me.
>> Very excited for you to be here. Um, in
Maine, we should say. Um, any any excuse
to come to Maine is always a good
reason.
>> Most people don't come to this part of
Maine, so I'm I'm grateful that you
[laughter] did.
>> Uh, it's a all parts of Maine are good
parts. Um, I wanted to sit down with you
for a number of reasons. You've been at
the center of conservative media
obviously for a very long time. By
extension, it's politics. And I want to
get your perspective on this moment, on
your evolution, your worldview.
you recently made quite a dramatic uh
break with President Trump over the war
in Iran and so I'd love to hear about
that.
I want to start though in the leadup to
the conflict.
You said that you spoke to the president
several times uh about the plan to
attack Iran before it actually happened
on February 28th.
I'd love to hear a little bit about
that. Was it just you and the president
in those meetings? Can you just give me
a sense of what was going on there? Um,
well, I've [clears throat] been speaking
to him about Iran for 10 years,
>> right?
>> Uh, literally since 2016, maybe 15,
because there was enormous pressure on
him, as there has been on many
presidents, to regime change Iran. And
we know, uh, based on our experience
with a much smaller country, Iraq, that
that, you know, that's a tall order and
it doesn't necessarily lead to a place
you want to go and it's not good for the
United States. So anyway, and Trump knew
that and that was one of the main
reasons, the main reason actually, um,
that I supported him during, you know,
my time at Fox News and campaigned for
him. And so it was, it was really
central to my views of Trump's candidacy
and presidency. And so when it became
clear in June that we were starting down
this road toward uh, a regime change war
with Iran, I I was just, well, I was
baffled. I was very upset. Not because I
have allegiance to Iran, but because I
thought it would be terrible for the
United States, as it has been, [snorts]
uh, worse even than I imagined. Um, but
I could see exactly where this was
going. And he was under enormous
pressure to do this once again, as as
all presidents in my lifetime have been.
So, uh, we talked a lot in June. He
embarked on this effort to take out
Iran's nuclear program, which was really
just the opening salvo in a regime
change effort. He knew that. I told him
that. Charlie Kirk told him that we did
it. We got out and then it became clear
this winter in January that we were
really we were moving toward this thing
that we're in now and I was just
absolutely panicked about it.
>> Did he explain to you why he wanted to
take the country into war? I mean I I'm
just trying to understand the dynamics
of that conversation. Was what was he
>> Well, there are multiple conversations.
I I flew to Washington three times in
the month before, 5 weeks, 6 weeks
before um and met with him in the Oval
Office alone and you know people filing
and out with the White House chief of
staff, the secretary of state, uh etc.
had lunch with him on one of those
occasions and then I spoke to him by
phone many times on this topic and he
would begin almost every conversation
with do you want Iran to have a nuclear
weapon? To which I said, well, I'm sort
of opposed to nuclear weapons. I don't
want nuclear weapons. I don't want
Israel to have a nuclear weapon. I don't
want anyone to have a nuclear weapon. It
doesn't seem like a good thing.
But that's not the question. The
question is, what do you do about it?
And that was kind of the end of the
rationale for doing this. He never
seemed enthusiastic about it ever. And I
would say, well, you know, here are the
potential effects of this. Obviously,
the geography of Iran being the most
important fact of Iran. Iran is not a
military power. It's an economic power.
was obvious because it controls the
greatest span of coastline along the
Persian Gulf which is the source of a
fifth of the world's energy etc. All
well known now and well known to him
then and he I think perfectly understood
the consequences. Um but
>> why was he taking your calls then?
Because if he knew your position
um and he understood the perils I mean
was he trying to convince you to back
the war?
>> No.
um he made no effort to convince me at
all other than to say it's going to be
all right. Everything's going to be
okay. And I I just didn't I didn't feel
that way. Um none of this, I should say,
was about Trump or my relationship with
Trump or my feelings about Trump or his
hair color or anything like that. I just
didn't want the United States to go to
war with Iran. M and my strong feeling
by the end of those conversations which
was the last one was probably a week
before it began the war began um was
that he felt he had no choice and that
he was resigned to it. He was unhappy
about it. He didn't seem enthusiastic at
all. There was no effort to say you know
once we do this the United States will
be at peace. We'll be safe. We'll be
more prosperous. There was none of that.
Zero. Hm. I mean, you speak to many
people in the administration and I I'm
just trying to understand the fault
lines over this. I mean, who was for the
war? Who was against it while all this
was being discussed?
>> I mean, I'm I'm guessing to a certain
extent. I do talk to a lot of people
there still. Um, but I don't work there,
so I don't, you know, it's hard to to
really know. Um, you know, there are
people with a long record of making
bellose noises about Iran. they still
work there. So, um, specifically the
secretary of state/national security
adviser has, you know, said for many,
many years, Iran is the greatest threat
we face, which is a ludicrous statement,
but, um, has Marco Rubio
>> that that'd be correct.
>> But that said, I got I didn't hear a
single time from anyone, including from
the Secretary of State himself, who I
spoke to about this, any enthusiasm for
doing this. My strong impression, and I
could be wrong cuz I don't work there,
uh, is that no one in the building was
pushing for this, at least overtly, that
all the pressure was coming from
outside, constant calls from donors and
people with influence over the
president, well-known Rupert Murdoch,
Mary Madson,
uh, etc., etc., etc., and then a small
constellation of I guess they'd be
called influencers
uh beginning with Mark Leven but there
were others Sean Hannity you know
pushing the president to do this and
telling him that you will be a figure
out of history you will save and redeem
Israel or something um I think that was
the case they were making and I didn't
hear of anybody making the case that
this would be good for the United States
I don't think that was ever a
conversation
>> I mean there's been a lot of speculation
about the president's mindset during
this period.
>> Yes.
>> Um and and part of it is of course about
what happened after Venezuela and the
successful in their view operation there
uh removing Maduro from office and that
he felt sort of emboldened by that, you
know, the success of that operation and
that he felt that this was going to be
similar that he underestimated the
Iranians and what they might do in in
response to an attack. Yeah, I don't
believe that. Um I think the Venezuela
uh operation allowed him to retreat into
a kind of fantasy in which he told
himself this is going to be easy. But I
don't think he believed that. Um and I
should say having spoken to him a lot uh
in this calendar year I detected no
evidence at all of dementia, mental
decline. You hear people say, "Well,
he's gone, you know, soft." I that was
not my impression at all. Trump is not
wellinformed on a lot of topics for
sure. is proudly ignorant on a lot of
topics, but he has kind of remarkable
powers of insight into people and power
dynamics. Like you don't get to be
president by accident. The guy's smart
in the ways that matter politically. And
my strong read was that he was doing
this against his will.
you know, fa famously, uh, the head of
the counterterrorism center, one of the
top intel officials in the country, Joe
Kent, resigned shortly after the war
began and said exactly the same thing. I
think this decision is connected to a
series of seemingly disconnected events,
all of which revolve around violence,
and we need to find out more about how
this happened. And he was, of course,
dismissed and threatened with an FBI
investigation and and no one kind of
followed up on that. And again, I don't
know the answer, but this was not a
normal decision-making process. And my
strong impression was that Trump was
more a hostage than than a than a
sovereign decision maker in this.
>> Well, so tell me what you're getting at
when you say the president of the United
States, the most powerful country in the
world, had no choice.
>> I don't know what I'm getting at. I'm
just telling you what I observed. He
[clears throat] seemed I and that's kind
of the question. And I'm what I'm really
fascinated by is the lack of curiosity
on display into how exactly this
happened. What are the mechanisms by
which a guy who's supposedly sovereign
in charge granted this authority by
voters, tens of millions of them, can't
make a decision in the country's
interest or even in his own interest. He
knew, and I know he knew because I
talked to him about it directly, that
the consequences, potential consequences
were profound and profoundly bad. the
end of his presidency to start which I
think it has proven to be he knew that
and he wasn't
this is my read and I could be
completely wrong I don't know what's in
his head and I I don't want to overstate
my knowledge at all but this is my
strong perception on the basis of many
conversations on this topic he felt he
had no choice and he said to me
everything's going to be okay
>> because I was getting overrought don't
do this the people pushing you to do
this hate you they are your enemies this
will destroy you. This will gravely harm
our country. We've got kids. I'm hoping
for grandkids. Let's not go there. And
he said, "It's going to be all right."
And I said, he said, "Do you know how I
know that?" And I said, "No." He said,
"Because it always is."
>> And I I do think there's a kind of, you
know, Teddy Rooseveltian optimism there,
but that's not really what it was. And
this is my read. That was more a kind of
justification
from a man who feels he has no choice.
And that is that is my strong view and
not just my strong view the view of
others who were around him and involved
in this deliberation to the extent it
was a deliberation which is not much.
>> Who are the other people around him who
had that view?
>> You know I can't speak for the views of
others but I will just say once again
that I never saw nor did I hear about
anybody who works for the Trump
administration. anybody who was
enthusiastically pushing this war on
Trump going and being like, you know
what, you want to be a truly great, you
want to make this country great again,
we need a regime change effort in Iran
and instead, you know, there were a lot
of cowardly people as there always are.
And Trump engenders cowardice in the
people around him through intimidation.
And there is a kind of quality that he
has that's spellbinding and I think it
probably literally is a spell. Uh, and
the effect is to weaken people around
him and make them more compliant and
more confused. And I I've experienced
this myself. You spend a day with Trump
and sort of like you're in this kind of
dreamland. It's like smoking hash
[clears throat] or something. It's
interesting. Very interesting. And there
may be a supernatural component to it.
I'm not a theologian, but I it's real.
And anyone who's been around him can
tell you it's real. But whatever the
cause, no one around him was weighing in
strongly, as far as I know, on either
side, for or against. But people from
the outside were strongly weighing and
calling him constantly.
>> I'm going to give an alternative um view
on what may have happened um which is
>> and you may be right by the way cuz I I
don't want to overstate.
>> Sure. I just want to just due diligence.
We've seen the president in his second
term be much more interested in foreign
policy as many presidents are. um much
more open to um taking action uh not
only in Venezuela, talking about Cuba,
wanting the Nobel Peace Prize, um you
know, weighing into situations in which
he um wasn't terribly interested in uh
in his first term
>> for sure.
>> And so
>> that's real.
>> Could [clears throat] that not be part
of this?
>> It's a huge part of it. And there's no
question about that. And all presidents
decide at some point that they're not
interested in running the United States
because it's hard. And how do you fix
Baltimore and Gary, Indiana? You what do
you do about homelessness in Los
Angeles? Like these are hard questions.
We can't even make Head Start work
despite, you know, many billions and a
lot of sort of well-meaning people
working spending their lives on it can't
can't make it work. So these are hard
problems and I think it's universal.
It's universal experience among American
presidents, but also among US senators
to decide like I'd rather run the world
because the details are opaque. I don't
speak these languages. You know, I can
seem uh well, first of all, it's a
display of male power. Send the bombs
in. We'll kill the bad people. But
moreover, you get to feel like I did
something and that's important and I get
it. And this is again, as you wisely
note, a process that all presidents tend
to go through in and so Venezuela, Cuba,
I object to both of those efforts very
strongly, but neither one in my view
risks the future of the United States in
the way that the Iran war now does. And
so it's a big deal. But because it is,
by the way, a contiguous neighbor of
Iraq
and because Trump spent years talking
about what a terrible idea the Iraq
invasion was. In fact, defined his
candidacy in 2016 on that point.
It's hard for me to believe that he just
sort of organically reached this place
at the end of February. He's like, "Oh,
I think it's a good idea." He did not
think it was a good idea. shutting down
a fifth of the world's oil and gas.
Of all people, Trump knows that's bad.
>> You said um he's a hostage just now. Uh
you told the BBC he's a slave to foreign
interests,
>> correct?
>> Um so I just want to ask you to be sort
of explicit. I mean Trump is being held
hostage by whom? [snorts]
>> By Benjamin Netanyahu and by his many
advocates in the United States. And we
know that not simply because Trump
started the war on February 28th, but
because he couldn't get out of it. He
declares, "We're having a ceasefire."
This was 3 weeks in, four weeks in. He
says, "We're having a ceasefire and
we're having these talks and they're
going great and we're, you know, we're
going to open the straight."
And Iran says, "Yeah, one of our
conditions is Israel's got to pull back
from southern Lebanon. You can't use the
Iran war as a pretext for stealing more
land
from a sovereign country that's not your
country." like no and which and it's not
just Iran that who felt that way. I
think the rest of the world's like what
are you doing? I thought we were you
know fighting the great existential
threat Iran and now you're taking the
opportunity to take Lebanon short of
Latani River and bombing downtown
Beirut. Like what is this? Anyway, this
was all very wellnown and within hours
of announcing this, Trump announcing
this, Israel publicly in a way that was
designed to get the attention of
everyone, including the Iranians, starts
killing civilians in Lebanon. Now, what
was the point of that? Not to secure the
Israeli homeland. The point of that was
to end any talk of a negotiated
settlement, to keep this going until
Iran was destroyed and chaotic, which is
the Israeli goal. I'm not attacking
Israel by saying that. Their goals are
different from ours. They're a different
country.
>> Yeah. They would argue, of course, that
what they are doing is neutralizing the
threat um that has been persistent in
Lebanon.
>> Oh, okay. But I mean,
you know, they invaded Lebanon in 1982.
Okay, so that was 44 years ago. They've
had a lot of experience in Lebanon. Um,
a lot they've had a lot of time to fix
Lebanon. They killed Nallala. They blew
up Hezbollah with explosive pagers. Like
they've done a lot since uh October 7th
in Lebanon. They chose that moment to
derail
the negotiations. And they've done this
repeatedly. And so my perspective as an
American is look, we're the United
States. We're a country of 350 million
people. You are wholly dependent on us.
You're a country of 9 million people
with no natural resources. I'm not
against you, but like we're not
co-equals here. But the point I'm making
is Trump could not restrain Netanyahu.
Netanyahu is the one person Trump could
not say, "Hey, settle down or we'll just
defund you and your country will
collapse in about 10 minutes." Which is
true. you, Israel can't defend itself
without the United States, despite
whatever propaganda you may have heard.
So again, it's not an attack on Israel.
It's an attack on American leadership
for not constraining its partner in a
way that helps the United States. Trump
said, "I want a negotiated settlement."
Israel stopped the settlement. Trump
refused to even criticize Netanyahu in
public. Are you joking? That's slavery.
That is total control of one man by
another. And it's, you know, that's
between Trump and BB and God as far as
I'm concerned. But as an American,
that's our president, our elected
president whose job is to protect our
country and our interest and our economy
and he is looking out for Israel first.
That's outrageous. I don't And no amount
of like, oh, you're an anti-semite,
which I'm not, and I'm never going to
be, is going to stop me from noting that
that's outrageous. It is outrageous.
Before we just move on, I am curious
about this one point which is
obviously Israel
has tried to exert its influence on a
number of presidents. Many presidents
have been asked to decapitate Iran um to
to do a joint military operation in the
Middle East, which this is the first
time really um that this has happened
where the United States and Israel are
doing a joint military operation against
a Muslim country. And I'm just wondering
why you think other presidents
didn't have
that influence because they obviously
were subjected to the same pressures,
the same donors, the same the same BB
Netanyahu has been there since the '90s.
I mean, what what do you think has
materially changed that made Trump more
susceptible to that influence?
>> I mean, that's kind of the question um
that I would like answered and I don't
know the answer as noted. Um but you
know one argument could be well Trump is
just uniquely weak. Okay but that was
not my per I think Trump obviously has
weak obviously has weaknesses and a lot
of his posturing is compensatory. Of
course I'm not interested in
psychoanalyzing Trump but that's just
that's just clear. But what was it about
this moment that allowed a foreign
leader to have this level of influence
over an American leader? And I don't
know the answer but again I think it's
worth finding out. I would also note
that, this is not a defense of Trump,
hardly. This is the single most foolish
thing any American president has ever
done. In my opinion, I say that with
sadness,
but many American presidents have have
put Israel's interest before our own. I
would say the Iraq war was a very
obvious example of that. I mean, Cheni's
office was completely controlled, and I
I knew almost all of them by people who
were putting Israel's interests above
America's interests. So I I think the
Iraq war was to a great extent a product
of that and that and I believe that
Trump felt exactly the same way because
I talked to him about it a lot. So like
what what changed about Trump? What
changed after 10 years more than 10
years of telling us our leadership is
weak. They act against our interests.
They're stupid. They're foolish. They're
bought off by foreign powers and by
domestic donors. I mean that was Trump's
case. That was his whole pitch. that's
why he got elected
to switch on something this big in a in
the space of a few months. I mean that
bears some examination. That's all I'm
saying.
I want to note in 2020 when President
Trump killed Iranian uh General
Kasamsulmani, you went on your Fox show
and said, and I'm going to quote here,
there are a lot of awful [gasps] bad
people in the world. You can't kill them
all. It's not our job. and you asked why
are we jumping into another quagmire
from which there is no obvious exit. Um
but it wasn't until President
>> I was I was not not heralded for saying
that. I don't think I've ever been more
criticized. I just really quickly note
I'm opposed not simply to foreign
interventions as you said. I mean most
of them anyway those not undertaken in
self-defense. I'm against the whole
frame. I'm against the idea that
Hezbollah and Hamas are at the center of
our domestic conversation. Like they're
the big problems we face. They're not
like they're not a bigger problem than
like the behavior of City Bank. I'm
sorry. Credit card debt is a much bigger
problem than Hezbollah will ever be. So
stop with this. Stop with the
brainwashing. This is bonkers. I live
here. I'm almost 57. I've lived here a
long time. Hamas and Hezbollah, while
they're not getting my endorsement, are
not relevant to the experience of most
Americans. So like once you start
thinking like that, you betrayed your
country. So, it wasn't until President
Trump threatened Iran's civilian
infrastructure uh with a profane truth
social post this past Easter Sunday um
that you actually started quite
explicitly speaking out against him.
>> Yeah. You can't attack Jesus. How's
that?
>> Well, in a monologue on your show, you
said, "How dare you speak that way on
Easter morning to the country?" [sighs]
Tell me what you were responding to
right then because it really is I think
a seinal moment for you in terms of
publicly breaking with the president.
>> So uh I will say what I don't do
monologues those that's adlib. So that's
just I didn't write it. I don't have
notes. I just like that's how I feel. So
it's probably not as coherent as it
should be. Uh, but that was really just
an emotional reaction to the experience
of waking up on Easter Sunday, the
holiest day on the Christian calendar in
a day of joy and hope, literally the
resurrection of Jesus, and seeing Donald
Trump using profanity, threatening to
murder civilians. I mean, that's a
crime. That's a moral crime. So, uh, to
brag about that and then to mock Islam,
I don't think you should mock people's
faith. I don't care if it's Judaism or
Christianity or Islam, but it's
especially gling as a Christian who I
voted for Trump in 2024 and one of the
main and I never vote typically, but I
voted for him this last election and
campaign for him in a bunch of cities
with him because I felt that there was
clear persecution of Christians in this
country, people of faith, and it was it
was demonstrable. Um, and I felt that
Trump, and I based this on his explicit
promises, would be a protector of I
didn't never thought Trump was a
Christian for a moment, but I thought
that Trump, I took him at his word,
would be a defender of faith, people of
faith who need to be defended, and this
country exists to defend them. It's in
our charter. So, um, anyway, I was just
completely outraged by that.
>> Since that moment, you've gone even
further. You recently said on your show
that you'll be tormented for a long time
by the fact that you played a role in
getting Donald Trump elected and you
said I'm sorry for misleading people.
That's gotten a lot of attention as I'm
sure you know. Um
>> I don't know because I don't Google
myself ever,
>> but
>> um I I would like to understand exactly
what you mean. Um can you explain?
>> I'll tell you what I mean. I truly
believe that the baseline requirement,
the ticket of admission to the
conversation is admitting when you are
wrong. And I spent 10 years defending
Trump on Fox News. I'd probably do it
again because on the issues I agree with
him. I never said a sing I never
defended a single thing I didn't
believe.
But at this point, the consequences of
this decision are so bad for the United
States and for my my family and your
family that like you have to say, you
just have to say it out loud. Like I'm a
small reason. I don't think I'm I don't
think I moved a lot of votes, but I
tried to. I told people this guy will
keep us out of the next Iraq. This
specifically will keep us out of a
regime change war with Iran. And here we
are in the middle of a regime change war
in Iran where hundreds of Americans have
been wounded. Some number have been
killed. They won't tell us. And that's
just the opposite of what I said would
happen. So I'm sorry.
[snorts]
So I hear you say that, but I am
compelled to question it a little bit
because
are you simply just going public about
something that you felt privately for
some time? Because in 2021 through the
Dominion lawsuit against Fox News, some
of your texts went public, right?
>> And I'm just quoting from a couple of
them. You know, you said there really
isn't an upside to Trump. You said, "I
hate him passionately." I mean, clearly
you had some feelings of reservation
about the president
>> without question
>> before this time.
>> There's no doubt.
>> So, I'm just trying to understand the
>> you know, I have a lot of thoughts and
theories about things which, you know,
may or may not be rooted in reality. Um,
so I hesitate even to spring any of my
theories on you because like they're
[clears throat] probably insane. But one
thing that has bothered me for many
years is the fact that a lot of people
in Trump's immediate orbit have been
hurt
and really hurt, you know, gone to
prison, become unemployable, publicly
shamed, gotten cancer. And I just am a
believer in like big picture assessments
of things. And you know, so you're
trying to think like is Trump good or
bad? Like he's saying things I really
agree with.
But then people around him are getting
hurt. Is the country actually getting
better? I don't know. It's hard to know
because to some extent you're like your
vision is obscured by the intensity of
some of these debates. Mine was has been
is easily obscured by that intensity.
But did I have reservations about Trump?
Of course.
And you know to some extent I sublimated
them or rationalized them away or
focused on areas where I agreed with
him. All my fault. Um but I told myself
and I to some extent still believe like
it's the big decisions that matter. And
I knew because I know the Democratic
leadership really well that they're
completely under the control of the same
forces and that we would get a regime
change war inevitably in Iran if they
were elected. And so I told myself Trump
is the way to avoid the really bad
thing.
>> Come back to um this moment for you. Um
which is there's the political case
against Trump um that you make.
>> Um but I do want to ask you about the
moral case that you've been making as
well. [snorts]
Um and that's a word that you've used.
You know, in that monologue responding
to Trump's Easter, you said that Trump's
comments were evil. And I just want to
understand that a little bit better. Do
you think only his comments are evil or
does the evil extend to Trump himself?
Is he evil?
>> I just want to be really clear that
there's a lot of evil in me and in every
person. So I just don't want to and I've
certainly experienced it in myself and
I've seen it in many in all people. You
know, we're all capable of of evil. So,
I I just I want to pull back on the
judgment and be very precise about what
I was saying, which is you cannot mock
other people's gods and put yourself in
their place. Period. That is a deal
killer for me. That's worse than the war
with Iran in my opinion.
>> Yeah. But I ask because you know, you've
been talking on your show about whether
Trump is the Antichrist.
>> I have not said that.
>> On your show, the day after Easter, you
noted he did not put his hand on the
Bible during his swearing in ceremony as
president. you said, and I'm quoting,
maybe he didn't put his hand on the
Bible because he affirmatively rejects
what's inside that book. And then on a
recent show, you went further saying,
here's a leader who's mocking the gods
of his ancestors, mocking the God of
gods and exalting himself above them.
Could this be the Antichrist?
>> I actually did not say, could this be
the Antichrist?
>> Here's a leader who's mocking the gods
of his ancestors,
mocking the God of gods, and exalting
himself above them. Could this be the
Antichrist? Well, who knows? Um, I don't
know where that comes from, but I know
that those words never left my lips
because I'm not sure I fully understand
what the Antichrist is. If there's just
one, I I actually tried to understand
it. Um, I may have said some are asking
that. I'm not weighing in on that
because I don't understand it. Just to
be totally
>> No, in Revelations obviously the
Antichrist is named in different
different
>> Yeah. not just revelation but throughout
the New Testament there are references
and in the prophets as well. So but
um no I'm not speculating about that.
Um, I know that people are speculating
about that, but I would say it's enough
to acknowledge that Trump, like many
leaders through history, is putting
himself above God. To send, but even on
a more terrestrial level, like to send
out a picture of yourself as Jesus has
got to be a red line for Christians. How
could it not be? It it has to be. And I
wish that Christians would speak up when
he attacks Allah when he mocks the faith
of Muslims.
>> So to be clear though, you that was not
what you were suggesting that they
>> if I thought Trump was the Antichrist, I
would just say so. If I understood what
the Antichrist is, I would say so. And I
don't really I mean I guess literally
it's
>> because you've been discussing it
repeatedly on your show. So I'm just
trying to understand why. What I've what
I've tried to
>> What do you want your audience to sort
of
>> I want my audience to see what's
happening now in terms beyond just
material. [snorts]
Obviously the commodity flow through the
straight of horm is you know essential
to the global economy. Got it. But I
also think there is a world beyond our
senses. Every culture and civilization
has understood that from the beginning
of time. And we're in this weird
anomalous moment where we've been
trained not to think that, but it's
real. And this is a realization that's
dawning on me. I mean, I I didn't I
wasn't thinking like this at all until
several years ago. So, I don't want to
pretend that I'm a shaman or anything
like that. I just want to make the point
repeatedly again and again and again
that there are unseen forces that act.
There is a spiritual realm and we are
subject to those forces for good and
bad. And I don't think that any person
can deny that.
>> I I just want to make the point that you
did say, "Could this be the Antichrist?"
And then you said, "Well, who knows?"
You did use those words. So,
>> man, then my apologies to you if if
there's video of me saying that. I I
guess what I'm expressing to you is it
doesn't
reflect exactly how I feel. That
suggests a precision that I haven't
arrived at. Trump is the Antichrist.
You'd have to def I mean this is we're
sort of quibbling here but you'd have to
define antichrist and I know that I
can't define antichrist and it's not
clearly defined in the New Testament or
Old Testament. So
>> you're open to the possibility.
>> I think what we're seeing is evil. Like
are you allowed to kill people who've
committed no crime? No. Super simple.
You're not allowed to do that. Under no
moral standard is that allowable. All of
a sudden it's allowable. It's allowable
in Gaza. And our leaders are like,
"Yeah, it's totally fine."
>> [snorts]
>> It's not fine, but certainly it's
repugnant to the Christian understanding
of the world and the human soul. Every
person has a soul. That's the Christian
view. And not just the Christian view,
it's the Islamic view, too.
So that is my view.
>> Your Easter episode was titled in part a
warning to Christians everywhere.
>> Yeah.
>> And and sort of my interpretation was
that you were warning other Christians
sort of not to follow a false prophet.
>> Yes, that's exactly what I'm warning.
Um, and that false prophet being
President Trump in this case
>> and Netanyahu. There are a lot of
evangelical Christians who are convinced
that God wants you to support Netanyahu,
which I find incomprehensible.
>> You know, Christian evangelicals in this
country have been a hugely important
part of President Trump's coalition.
Many support Israel because they believe
the creation of the state of Israel
fulfills biblical prophecy. They're
called Christian Zionists. I will note,
you have said you dislike Christian
Zionists more than anybody. You've said
they have a brain virus. You have
apologized for those [clears throat]
comments repeatedly.
>> Repeatedly.
>> Um, but would you like to see those
Christians stop supporting the state of
Israel in the way that they do?
>> Of course, immediately
on many different grounds. But it's
really simple. Christians can never
support the murder of innocents. Period.
That's just that that's just a bright
red line. Find the place where Jesus is
like, "These people are annoying. Kill
them all." It's not there. So, where are
you getting this? Now, I'm once again
hardly a theologian,
but I just don't know. And I've asked
many Christian Zionist leaders who will
speak to me. Now, it's just like they
won't talk to me. But I I certainly
asked Ted Cruz this.
I asked Mugaby this. I tried to ask
Franklin Graham. But I sincerely want to
know where this is coming from. It can't
all be from the book of Esther.
>> Well, I mean, you did have exactly this
contentious interview with um Ambassador
Huckabe. He's the ambassador to Israel
where you talked to him about Christian
Zionism for quite some time. Um, and in
that interview, you know, it's very
interesting. I'm a former um, Israel
Palestine uh, correspondent. You were
pressing him on if the modern state of
Israel as a homeland for the Jewish
people today has legal or biblical
legitimacy. you were sort of questioning
him on this idea and you went round and
round on this for quite some time and I
was just wondering what you were trying
to get at there.
>> I was trying to get at an answer which I
couldn't get and instead was accused of
hate for trying to evoke a answer to a
very simple question and the question
was on what basis are you making this
claim? People whose ancestors didn't
live here now occupy the land. That's
very common in history by the way. I'm
not even objecting to it. What I'm
objecting to is the claim that it's
God's will and that Israel because of
this has the unique right to exist.
Okay. Where does that right come from?
Well, the right comes from the Bible.
Okay. Well, I'm not a Bible scholar, but
I certainly read it a lot. And I said to
him, "Where are the borders?" Because my
read of Genesis is a big hunk of land.
That's the Middle East. does Israel have
a right because you're referring to this
text as the basis of the right to have
that land and he said fine with me. So
like on many levels theological and
diplomatic kind of a big thing to say
the White House was annoyed that he said
it out loud. I was grateful that he did
because it's good to know what the terms
are. And the second question I asked
which is okay if Israel has a right
derived from this scene in Genesis then
to whom does it apply? who who are
Abraham's heirs?
And he said, "Well, the Jews." And I
said, "Okay." And by the way, just to be
clear, these are not conversations that
I sought. I'm not I was never interested
in this topic. Like, Israel is a country
with borders and sovereignty and a seat
at the UN. It's like a it's a nation
state like ours, like every country. The
second you start telling me that as a
Christian, I'm obligated to support the
government of this country, then I have
a right to ask you what you're talking
about. It's that simple. So, okay, fine.
I flew all the way to Israel, which I
didn't want to do, and I asked him,
"What are you talking about? To whom
does this right apply? And on what
basis?" Shut up, anti-semite.
Okay. Now, so from my perspective, that
was like the most revealing conversation
I think I've ever had.
>> Why though were you so interested in
those questions about
>> Why? Because we're now in a war which is
in the process of destroying the United
States economy and getting Americans
killed because Israel pushed the United
States president who gave. I'm not
giving him a pass, but that's just a
fact. That's what happened. I saw it.
And Israel has that power in our
Congress. Not because we have so many
Jews. I don't know how many Jews live in
the United States. Fewer than 10
million, I think. but because we have
tens of millions of evangelical
Christians who unquestionably support
Israel because they believe it's their
theological duty to do so. So on this
question hangs the future of the
American economy and the lives of
American service members. There's no
more important question. and the effort
to push me away from that question by
calling me names, calling me a hater,
saying I'm obsessed with Israel. Okay, I
would be grateful never to think about
it again. I find Israel actually
geostrategically irrelevant except the
extent that we imbue it with relevance
at the behest largely of evangelical
Christians. So you can see there's a
onetoone correlation between these
questions and the future of my country.
Mike Huckabe and the people he
represents have made it the nation's
business at which point it is entirely
fair in fact it's a requirement of good
citizenship to press him on what are you
talking about and he refused to answer
those questions at which point I say as
someone who's still committed to reason
you've been exposed as a fraud andor a
liar
>> I think one of the reasons why uh this
was particularly really um notable for
many people that interaction that you
had with Mike Huckabe um and the reason
you in particular got so much push back
um is because there is an enormous
sensitivity around
Israel being the homeland of the Jewish
people and the attempt to delegitimize
that.
>> I have enormous sensitivity about the
United States being the homeland of my
people and the burial place of my
ancestors. I have enormous sensitivity
about the future of the United States.
Those are my concerns. I'm not
dismissing the concerns of any other
group, including Israelis or Iranians or
Venezuelans or anybody else. Everybody
has his or her own set of concerns. But
my concerns revolve around my country.
And so I am not going to subordinate my
concerns and the concerns of my children
to other people's hysteria, no matter
what country it is.
>> Why do you think you get tagged so often
with anti-semitism? because it's I think
there are two reasons. One is I'm not an
anti-semite and I think that's obvious.
I have and I've expressed this many
times. Don't do so again. I have
temperamental and religious objections
to anti-semitism
or any hate or discrimination based on
bloodline. That is against Christian
theology. It's against my personal
ethics and I oppose it no matter who is
suffering from it. Whether it's whites
or blacks or Jews, nobody can be
punished for his bloodline. Period. I
don't believe in collective punishment
unlike the Israeli government. So that's
number one. I am opposed to
anti-semitism
and that's a threat because I'm not
approaching this as someone who wants to
hurt Jews. I just don't want the United
States to be implicated in the crimes of
other nations and I'm not intimidated.
And number two,
that is a much easier conversation than
answering very simple questions like
where does the right to exist come from
that Israel has that I've been told for
many years has a right a unique right
globally to exist. Where does that right
emanate from? Who granted that right and
on what grounds? And they can't answer
the questions and they don't want to
have the conversation. So, just to be
totally clear, asking questions is not
hate. Telling the truth is not hate.
And they don't want to answer the
questions and they don't want to tell
the truth.
And by the way, it's not just Jews. It's
I think I've been attacked more
viciously by Christian Zionists than I
have by Jews. Just in point of fact,
it's a kind of nice universalism to it.
Um, but I'm not intimidated. I I don't
know why I would be. In fact, I think
it's my obligation not to be
intimidated. Can asking questions though
stir up hate? I mean, language is
powerful.
>> Well, sure. I mean, you could pose
attacks in the form of questions. I've
certainly done that a lot. Um, for sure.
But the questions themselves hang in the
air and a legitimate question deserves
an answer. H the reason I want to press
on this a little bit more is that you
know that there is an entire
um anti-semitic worldview that has been
based on the protocols of the elders of
Zion you know that there is like this
cabal of powerful Jews that controls the
world and you know that book was written
in the early uh 20th century but it you
know helped the Nazis s and it really
has informed a lot of the views of many
people today that there is you know this
very powerful sect of Jewish people who
want global war and global conflict and
I think that there is a concern that I
have and a real concern I don't I don't
mean this as uh as something that people
say to slander anyone but just a real
concern that the rhetoric where
everything is blamed on Israel where
Israel has these supernatural powers
almost to influence the president to um
influence the previous President George
W. Bush to enter um into the Iraq war um
to you know be involved in
assassinations etc. that it has echoes
of that and that people are genuinely
concerned that it opens the door to this
idea that has been debunked and has been
used in you know absolutely vicious ways
to annihilate an entire people.
>> I'm not quite sure what that means. Um,
let me tell you my concerns. My main
concern is the destruction of the United
States. And that is in no way to
minimize anyone else's concerns, but I
have a right to that concern. And I will
not have my own concerns hijacked. I
will not submit to being told what my
concerns should be. I'm an adult man who
pays his taxes. I have a right to come
up with my own hierarchy of concern. At
the very top is the destruction of my
country, which I've lived in for 56
years. And I know that it's not better
than it was and it's not getting better
than it was. And there are many reasons
for that. One of them is this war. But
there are many others. And so people
say, "Well, I'm really concerned." Well,
I am really concerned, too. I'm really
concerned that the prime minister of
Israel and his many cheerleaders in
American media, including at the New
York Times, if I can say, pushed the US
government into a war that hurts the
United States. That's my concern. And I
would say that's at least co-equal with
anyone else's concerns. So that's the
first thing I would say. Second, as the
elders of Zion or whatever,
I don't know what that is. I've heard
references to it. It's like a Tsarist
forgery or something.
>> Look, I'm just wondering what the line
is for you.
>> The line for me is the truth. What is
actually
>> between criticism? I mean, this is, by
the way, a very difficult line. I am I
am in no means um purporting to
understand necessarily where it is. I'm
curious for you where the line is
between criticism of the state of Israel
and
how that could be perceived as feeding
into anti-semitism.
>> Well, it breaks my heart that it is
perceived that way and that's the
product that perception is the product
of a decadesl long effort to conflate
anti-semitism with any criticism of the
secular government of Israel. Okay. So
the IHA definition of anti-semitism
lists 11 examples of anti-semitism and
that's been adopted globally. 40
different governments have adopted it as
their standard of what anti-semitism is.
And twothirds of the examples are
criticism of Israel. So you know I don't
get to write these standards. I also
don't have to abide by them. And I
reject as ludicrous out of hand the idea
that the criticism of a secular
government
is the same as criticism of an entire
ethnic group. many of whom do not
support that secular government, many of
whom reject that secular government, and
a lot of those I know personally. So,
you're just not going to get me on board
with the lie that criticism of Netanyahu
is hatred of all Jews because it's not.
And I don't care how many times someone
repeats that to me. I don't care. And
and by the way, I've lost friends over
this and I do grieve that people who are
totally convinced that
>> this BB that you're against or if there
was a different government in Israel, it
would
>> I'm against anything that hurts my
country, why wouldn't I be? I live here.
>> No, but I'm just curious like if if
there's elections coming up and if BB
gets kicked out,
are you
>> I took my family on vacation there.
Obviously, I'm not against Israel. I
never have been against. By the way, you
can check the record
before maybe 2 and a half years ago. I
don't think I ever Well, I certainly
never criticized Israel, but I never
rarely even mentioned Israel. I could
give you a long list of the things that
I love about Israel, particularly about
Jerusalem, which is one of my favorite
cities. Jerusalem and Beirut, greatest
cities in the world. It kills me to see
them at the center of all of this. I
think the second that we
ban criticism of a foreign country,
well, of course, we're not free at that
point. were slaves of that other
country. You know, you you whatever you
can't criticize is is the force in
charge. I don't think it's, by the way,
good for global jewelry to have any of
this at all. If you tell 350 million
Americans that it's against the law, and
it's very close to against the law at
this point. It's against law to
criticize Israel.
How does that help the perception? Does
that feed anti-semitism? I think it
does. Not as my job to monitor or
regulate the stuff, but I mean, just
common sense would tell you that's not
good. If you want to make the case on
behalf of anything, any idea, including
ones I disagree with, make your case.
Tell me why it's a good idea. And we're
falling out of that habit, and instead
trying to hurt people who disagree with
us. And I just will always reject that.
Uh I guess I'm the liberal. Hm. I would
say it's not exactly against the law,
but I understand your point.
>> Someone was just arrested because look,
the second uh things that
>> Well, the second you say that criticism
>> is the same as a threat or words or
violence, then of course it's very easy
to
to arrest people as they are arrested in
Great Britain. You be they've had
hundreds of people arrested in Great
Britain for criticizing Israel. I don't
know why any liberal-minded, and I'm in
that group, liberal-minded. You have a
right to your views. I have a right to
mine. I don't know why any
liberal-minded person would go along
with this and not say, "Whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa. This is totally bonkers."
And this is the road to totalitarianism.
And I would say that about any topic.
>> H
I'm going to um move on
because we've talked about some fissures
that have emerged among conservatives
over Israel in the war, right? you've
talked about. Yeah. Sort of blown up.
>> Yeah. And I want to dig into that
because um earlier this year you told
Megan Kelly that there is quote a huge
scramble and you said I'm in the middle
of it to define what the Republican
party is after Trump.
>> Yep.
>> So boil down the scramble for me.
[laughter] Are there two sides?
>> Well, I lost that scramble.
>> Yeah. I mean, is it driven by ideas,
personalities? I mean, something else
like what do you what do you what do you
see happening?
Look, I mean, there have been um
disagreements over foreign policy within
the Republican party for well, really
since 2015 when Trump announced for
president. There was no disagreement at
all. It was a neoonservative party
completely. I was part of that for sure
and uh unthinkingly and then
unwillingly, but whatever. Um but since
2015 there's been this kind of debate
like well you know what is the
appropriate use of American power and
what is our relationship with Israel and
those have been sort of sodoce debates
but it's only with this full regime
change effort against Iran that they've
become untenable like you can't I mean
my own view is I'm always happy to eat
with and talk with people I disagree
with I again I guess I'm the liberal
But there is a strong sense among the
neocons who've completely taken over the
Republican party that anyone who
disagrees cannot be allowed like
literally in the White House. Um, okay.
I don't make these rules. I feel sad
about it for a bunch of reasons. I would
say as a political matter, the
constituency constituency for that is
very small. There aren't, you know, 150
million people in America who are really
excited about the Iran war or who are
ever going to be excited about that. So,
you're dooming your party to irrelevance
when you do that. I don't know why they
would want to. Um, they hate Trump. The
neocons hate Trump. Have always hated
Trump. I I had a first row seat to this.
And And now they've destroyed him. And I
told him that. I said, "These are people
who hated you from day one. They
couldn't control you. They hated you for
that reason. What you said about the
Iraq war inflamed them. It humiliated
them. And they want to destroy you. And
this war will destroy you." I said that
point blank right to him. And it's true
and it's I think proven true now.
>> And what do you mean about you being in
the middle of it and losing the
scramble?
>> Well, because Charlie Kirk and I I think
were the only people I'm confident in
saying we're the we're the only people
in June of 2025 to say to the president,
"This is a very bad idea. The people
pushing this are trying to get you
involved in a regime change war. You've
campaigned against that. Don't do this."
And then in on September 10th, um,
Charlie [clears throat] was murdered by
a lone gunman. So, uh, by the time this
latest round happened in January, in
February, I I'm think I was the only
person who said that to Trump for a
bunch of reasons. So
now it's, you know, I mean, we we know
who won by the effects. So this was from
my perspective was a debate between
people who thought it was wise to use
American power in the way we're now
using it and those who thought it was
dangerous and Trump did it. So obviously
he rejected my view.
>> I I want to stay though with how some of
this is playing out because as you
mentioned you were very close to Charlie
Kirk before he was killed. Um, and he
started Turning Point USA, which is this
very influential group among young
people on the right.
And you're now seeing some on the right
who are questioning whether Israel had a
hand in Charlie Kirk's murder. Um, and I
should say the theories that Israel was
linked to Charlie's death were denied by
Israel. There's been no proof of that at
all. And crucially, this theory has been
condemned by Erica Kirk, Charlie's
widow. Do you still have a relationship
with Turning Point USA?
Um, well, I I have always loved Erica
Kirk and I met her when she was dating
Charlie and thought so much of her. Um,
I know a lot of people at Turning Point.
I was the headliner for a bunch of
different Turning Point events. Um, I
haven't been asked to do it this year.
Don't know if I will be. Never said a
word against Turning Point. I I think
it's been a really Well, I was their
headliner for a bunch of years, so
obviously I supported it. Um, I would
hate to see it hijacked by its donors to
become an oracle of neoonservatism.
I think it'd be pretty hard to do
because its members are not for that.
Young people are not for that. People of
draft age are especially not for that.
>> I mean, when was the last time you spoke
to Erica Kirk?
>> Couple of weeks ago.
>> Okay.
>> By text. So, my concern, and this is not
about Erica Kirk or Andrew Kovette or
any of those people with whom I've never
had a cross word and hope never to have
a cross word, um, but my concern more
broadly is about the investigation into
Charlie's murder, which was
shortcircuited by the FBI. And I'd like
to know why. And I I don't care to be
screamed at for asking that question.
It's a legitimate question, and we know
that. Uh, well, I know that for a bunch
of reasons, but uh, the public knows it
because Joe Kent said it out loud and
explained it. He's the head of the
National Counterterrorism Center. He's
an ODNI and he was told by the FBI that
he could not investigate it. And as a
friend of Charlie's, I'm not going to be
intimidated into saying the following,
which is on what grounds would you do
that? I'm not saying the guy who's been
arrested didn't pull the trigger. I'm
not There's been a trial. He was
obviously handed over by his father. Um,
>> do we know that? I don't know what I
know because there hasn't been a trial
yet. And again, it's like so many
things. And it's not just Israel. It's
not just Charlie Kirk. It's the
existence of NATO or the way the economy
is structured. Why is capital taxed at
half the rate of labor? Like that's a
question that bothers me in every case.
Shut up. Socialist, racist, conspiracy
theor. It's like I I'm just too old for
that. Why don't you answer the question?
That's my job.
>> Do you think turning points influence um
has waned since Charlie's death?
>> I haven't the vainest idea. Um I do
think that,
you know, I agree with most Americans
when I say I think this war is a
disaster. It's impossible to see how it
hurts the United States. And uh, you
know, I would like to see all
self-described conservative groups
pressure the president as Charlie did to
minimize the damage and and I hope
Turning Point is working on that. I
don't know the answer, but I certainly
hope they are. I can't.
Yeah. So, they should. I I I can say
confidently Charlie would be working to
do that. Obviously, Turning Point is
just one organization trying to reach
youth on the right, but you also have
Nick Fuentes, the far-right W uh white
nationalist influencer who's called
Hitler effing cool, um who also has a
huge following among young right-leaning
uh men.
How do you see Fuentes in terms of the
future of the right?
>> You know, it's so hard to know.
I'll tell you my instinct on it. Most of
the debates about race, ethnicity,
religion,
to some extent, immigration
are
less resonant long-term than debates
about economics. I think the main
frustration among young people is not
just that the composition of the country
is changing too fast, which it
definitely is, but the main concerns are
about the lack of economic opportunity
for American young people who are
totally screwed at like a more profound
level than people acknowledge. Older
people do not acknowledge that. I had
dinner the other night with a bunch of
kids from Stanford, really smart.
They're at Stanford. And one of them
said, "Oh yeah, his best friend just
graduated with a degree in computer
science last year. Has not been able to
find a job. Stanford computer science
can't find a job." So that's like a
window into the total destruction of the
economic opportunity for young people
and the what looks to me as a
non-economist like the true hoarding of
capital by a tiny group of people. It
looks like a very lopsided and unfair
economic system that is guaranteed to
radicalize young people and not just
young people but especially young
people.
And so I think most future conversations
politically will be about economics. I
do think that I think we're at sort of
the last stage. This is the last time
the US has ever
>> So you so you see what I'm trying to
understand is you see that as Fuentes's
power waning
>> for sure. Well, I don't know. Fuentes in
particular. I mean, I, you know, never
even wasn't even aware of Fuentes. I
mean, again, I'm just in a different
world, right? Okay. I read the New York
Times or whatever. Like, I'm just older.
Okay. So, I'm not an expert on Fuentes's
reach or even what he's saying
dayto-day. I really don't know. But he
has been caricatured as a race guy,
which he may be by the way, who's like
mad about the Jews or black people or
whatever. But I'm just telling you I
think the future the energy, not just on
the right, but I I think right and left
agree on this under 30 is that young
people have been shafted by older
people, particularly by the baby
boomers, people born between 46 and 64.
And I think they're right about that. I
do think that's like the most selfish
generation, most loathsome, mediocre
generation in this country ever
produced. Not all of them, but in
general, I would say their behavior has
been shameful and selfish. And I hear
young people talk not about, you know,
I'm mad at the Jews. I hear young people
say things like, "Only baby boomers
would like have a second home in Iso
Palm, South Carolina, but like not help
their kids buy homes." That's what I
hear. I hear people who understand that
their lives will bear no resemblance to
the lives of their parents and
grandparents, and they're really upset
about it. Meanwhile, there are all these
people making billions on clearly
fraudulent enterprises,
cryptoreated enterprises and other
enterprises that are like not adding to
the sum total of prosperity in this
country and not making the country
better.
>> So that's where I think the radicalism
is going to start. And the murder of
that healthc care executive in New York,
the healthurer guy, I'm against all
murder, just okay, just to be totally
clear. But I was
surprised but not really shocked by the
reaction, the positive reaction. All
these kind of normal looking people on
the internet are like, I'm glad they
killed him. They don't even know his
name. However,
that reflects this revolutionary
frustration. And I do think it's
revolutionary. I think one of the
reasons that Trump is apparently going
to make weed legal is just so we can
lower testosterone levels even more.
Just make people more passive. Have some
more benzo. Like, it's fine. It's
totally fine. because it's not fine is
the truth. So again, long-winded answer
to a short question, but I the future
that I imagine is not a future in which
we're yelling at each other about race.
It's a future in which people are
legitimately revolutionary, maybe even
violent on the basis of thwarted
economic
opportunity.
>> I mean, Fuentes wants America to be a
white Christian nation, among other
things.
>> Okay. Well, he's very good at defending
the New York Times, but I think the real
issues are not about Fuentes or even
about race. Immigration has a direct
effect on economics. And so the
overwhelming majority of newly created
jobs in the past 5 years have gone to
foreign born. So like that's it's not an
attack on the foreign born to say that's
not really the job of the US government
to provide economic opportunity to the
world. The job is to protect its own
people.
>> I can tell you don't want to talk about
Fentes. Um,
>> well, I don't I don't have a lot to say.
Like, okay, he said naughty things about
this, that, or the other thing. Okay.
>> No. Well, you caused a big I'm focusing
on you. This is an interview.
>> You didn't cause anything. People got
hysterical. How can you talk to this
man? I talked to people
>> Fuentes onto your show.
>> I've interviewed Ted Cruz, who's calling
for the murder of innocents. I don't
think Fuentes is doing that.
>> But that conversation was pretty
friendly. Um, you know,
>> say that. I mean, whatever. Okay, I'm
naughty for talking to Fuentes, but
>> but you've been doing this for decades.
I mean, I have watched you and your
shows
>> for a very long time. [gasps]
>> And you obviously have a very savvy
understanding of how to approach your
interviews and how they're going to
land.
>> Um, you know,
>> I don't know about that, but yeah.
>> Well, I don't think I'm that savvy.
Maybe I'm underelling myself. [laughter]
>> I mean, why did you want to handle it
the way that you did? Um, you know, you
started with Well, I've explained this a
million times, but I'll explain it very
crisply.
>> No, you started, you know, I noticed
talking about his background and where
he grew up. It's a it's a different kind
of interview than the one when I look at
Ambassador Huckabe.
>> I've known Huckabe for over 30 years.
He's been a public figure for over 30
years.
>> One was prosetorial. You were building a
case. The other one was friendly. I mean
you were wrestling quite vigorously with
>> if I agreed with everything Fuentes said
I would just say so I would just say so
like there's no the the effort to kind
of like divine my motives when I state
my motives clearly I think I'm telling
the truth
>> I know but you as you have acknowledged
let me just state my motives you use
questions sometimes as a form
>> if I could just state my motives and you
can either believe me or not and I've
done this many times but I'll do it once
more
>> and say
I'd never heard of Fuentes is I first
heard him cuz he was attacking me and my
family which enraged me. Um I did fall
for the bait and uh so then I thought
well should this guy seems like I keep
hearing he's very influential. Let's
have him on hear what he has to say. So
I did that and on the question of hating
Jews because they're Jews. I'm opposed.
Told him that to his face. Lots of
people decided that I should have taken
a different tone. Okay. Do your own
interview with Fontes if you want.
that's okay with me. But I guess what
I've come to believe I I didn't feel it
was a significant interview, especially
um on any level except the extent it was
used to try and make me into a Nazi,
which again I'm not. I would admit it.
[snorts] But what I think is interesting
is the is the kind of moral scheme that
that interview revealed,
which not surprisingly is childish and
kind of repulsive. And by moral scheme,
I mean like what the people in charge,
including in journalism, think is right
and wrong. So I think anyone who calls
for the murder of innocents or justifies
them is the lowest possible person.
There's nothing worse than that than
killing kids. And you take someone like
Randy Fine or Ted Cruz,
>> representative from Florida.
>> Yeah. Mike, right? These are all I don't
know fine. But I um
>> but I know the other two very well and
have for many years and both of them
have just been like no no we should go
kill people and and their kids and they
make excuses for that. Like there's
nothing worse than that. And yet
[snorts]
those are to the only controversial part
of those interviews from the perspective
of others in journalism is that I was
too mean. I was too tough. I was too
tough on Mike Huckabe who's a sitting US
ambassador or Ted Cruz who's a
>> I don't think that was the concern.
>> Okay. But but looking I think it I think
you know you when you just compare them
um
>> who do you think is more morally
repulsive? Ted Cruz.
>> Who do you think is more morally
repulsive?
>> Ted Cruz.
Ted Cruz is a sitting US senator who has
called for the killing of people who did
nothing wrong. Whole populations who
advocated for this war. Nick Fuentes is
like a kid. He's like 26 or 70. He has
no power except his words. Here you have
a public official who we pay, who has
actual power, who's voting for things,
who's making policy decisions, and those
decisions would include, in fact, they
are focused on the murder of people who
did nothing wrong. And yet, no one
thinks it's a big deal. What? Well, this
is totally fine. I mean, if there's tape
of Nick Fuentes saying we should kill
people because we hate their parents or
it's okay to kill children, I would love
to see the tape cuz that's disgusting.
And that's basically what the entire US
Senate does every single day. And no one
notices. Nick Fuentes said something
naughty that I disagreed with. He made
fun of things that I don't think I would
never make fun of.
>> He's a white nationalist who was denied
the Holocaust. And what I will say,
>> okay, but is that worse than killing
kids? from my from my understanding of
my own you know I was just in Germany
recently um and you know it was such a
good reminder that the Holocaust didn't
start with the gassing of Jews it
started with the dehumanization of Jews
it was language that was used and again
that is what it
>> I couldn't agree more and that's why
when you have a US senator a member of
Congress a US ambassador waving away
civil billion deaths as if they don't
matter. That's the language of genocide
which results and this is the lesson of
the Holocaust in genocide itself and it
has. So the lesson for me really
watching all of this is that this can
happen in civilized countries in all
human beings. There is the capacity to
ignore the evil right in front of you.
And I'm my point is it's happening right
now. and my job to the extent I have one
I don't really have a job but I just
want to remind people that we're all
capable of that including me and that
we're watching it right now and if you
think that Nick Fuentes is a greater
threat to other human beings than Ted
Cruz I would love to know how [snorts]
>> I can imagine people hearing this and
thinking you are softpeding Nick Fuentes
you are apologizing
>> softpedaling Nick Fuentes I'm trying to
awaken people to killing of innocents in
our midst
which we are not only encouraged to
ignore but really told to ignore on pain
of being denounced.
And I'm just saying no, I'm not doing
that. And Ted Cruz and Mike Huckabe are
two of the main people making this
moment possible. And President Trump,
but Nick Fuentes is the problem. Okay,
it's not a defense of Nick Fuentes. It's
merely like a reality check for the rest
of us. What are we doing?
We began this conversation um by
discussing your rupture with President
Trump. Um
and I'd like to ask about your
relationship with the vice president
because you were one of the people
credited with getting him into that
role. Uh you were close to him. Um you
advocated for him. Are you still close
to Vance considering your rupture with
the president? I mean, I will always
love JD Vance as a man. I think, and I'm
I'm [clears throat] making this judgment
on the basis of his public statements
over many years, I think he's in a tough
spot. He's in a tough spot. I mean, he
was on the record repeatedly saying this
is exactly the thing that this
administration would avoid doing and now
they've done it.
>> President Trump was also on the record
saying,
>> as I've said many times, exactly. And by
the way, I wouldn't characterize as a
rupture with Trump. He betrayed his
promises to me and everybody else. And I
acknowledge that in public, so that
doesn't make me the person who breached
the contract. He's the one who breached
the contract to be clear. But it puts
the vice president in a super difficult
spot. And I know him well and think so
much of him as a person. And it is my
guess that based on his past behavior
that he's doing everything he can to
mitigate what he sees as the ill effects
of this. And um but it's kind of hard to
call the shots when you're vice
president because that's not in the
constitution. So no, I I would never I I
put him in a bad situation just by my
public, you know, he was attacked
endlessly for my Nick Fuentes interview.
Oh, so scary. And uh okay, so I always
felt bad about that. He didn't do
anything, you know what I mean? But I
was used as a cudgel to beat him over
the head because the neocons hated him
because they thought that if he ever
became president, he would be less
compliant
than than the president turned out to
be. So, you know, I don't want to add to
that at all. I think he's a really good
man. I know he's a good man because I
know him very well. But, you know, I I
don't have anything else to say to
anyone in the administration because I
can't affect
>> You don't talk to him
>> any outcome. When was the last time you
spoke to the vice president?
>> Oh, I don't know. But I wouldn't I
wouldn't um I don't want to add to his
problems at all, but I would just say
what's obvious is that I'm hardly an
adviser to this administration.
>> And uh and I think it's also clear that
Donald Trump makes these decisions.
>> You really don't know the last time you
spoke to Vice President JD Vance?
>> Weeks, months, days?
>> I don't know. I mean, I would never
characterize that. I don't want to cause
him more problems. I would just say I'm
not advising. No one's seeking my
counsel. I'm not trying to influence
anything. I gave it my best shot. Didn't
work.
>> Well, let me ask you this. Vance was not
in favor of the war, but he ultimately
didn't seem willing to die on the hill.
I mean, he could resign. He could um
there's many things he could have done,
I suppose. Do you wish he'd been more
forceful? You know, I will just say I'll
just be totally blunt about what I'm
doing, which is taking a pass on your
question and say that I know JD very
very well and I think it's like super
tough situation. He's in my prayers. I
mean that and I just don't want to add
>> to the what is clearly a really hard
job.
>> I know that if you were in my position,
you'd press.
>> Oh, go crazy. But I'm just saying like
I'm start
I mean I my only goal is I just want to
be honest and so I'm being as I think as
transparent as I possibly can be or I'm
>> being and I'm being transparent in
saying that my job is also to press you.
I get it. Um so
however he has felt privately um
publicly Vance has been a loyal soldier
um even going so far as to head the
recent negotiations with the Iranians
>> and we've seen and you've commented
>> how unpopular this war is among the
American people. Do you think the role
that he is playing right now will hurt
his political prospects? There are
people in the White House uh who want to
hurt JD Vance and have wanted that since
the very first day. They were bitter.
They wanted Marco Rubio to be the the
choice as vice president. And so JD has
been subject to,
this is well known, but I'll just
confirm it. Non-stop
treachery from people on the
neoconservative side.
>> Who are these people
>> around Marco Rubio?
>> And by the way, Marco Rubio's got to be
one of the most charming people in the
whole world. and uh you know it's it's
impossible to dislike Marco Rubio and
I'm not an intimate friend or anything
but um so I can't say to what extent
he's involved in it but certainly he is
the choice of the donor class the donor
class is avowedly neoonservative that's
why they give money for outcomes like
the ones we're watching that's why this
whole system is completely rotten and
just impervious to reform and they have
been totally against JD Vance from the
very beginning
>> specifically because I mean it was
interesting in those conversations with
Susie Wilds, for example, where she was
very much praising um Marco Rubio uh and
[snorts] had less maybe complimentary
things to say about JD Vance. I mean, is
that to whom you're referring?
>> You know, I don't know is the real
answer. I don't know.
>> I mean, you're accusing people of
treachery, so I'm wondering.
>> Well, I know there's been a lot of
treachery for sure. And I know they've
been they were so mad about JD getting
that job. I mean,
>> they who's they?
>> Well, Mary Menson, for example. um
Rupert Murdoch, you know, people who
were very much vested in using Trump for
what we're seeing now.
>> But within the White House,
>> I don't, you know, I don't know the
answer to that. I've never worked there.
So, like, if you don't work there, you
can say you, you know, you can say what
you think you know, but it's hard to
really know.
>> This is me looking skeptical.
>> Yeah. Well, no, it's me being honest.
Like, I don't really know. And you read
all these things about, you know, Susie,
you know, is of course a product of
Florida and there's a whole Florida
group and the consultants and Marco and
all the rest and people whisper about
that. Is that true? I really don't know.
I've never heard her say anything
against JD. She seemed to love JD, but
who knows, man. You know, who knows? But
I know I I I definitely know that like
outside
it's hard to believe that Mark Levin and
Laura Loomer who are, you know, [snorts]
have no constituency whatsoever and
would have influence in the White House,
but they do. Both of them have been out
for Vance from day one big time.
>> Do you think it's hurting though his
political prospects to repeat the
question that he has been put in the
position according to you that he is
fronting these um negotiations in Iran?
>> Yeah. I mean well it's I think this
whole not it's not even JD specific.
This whole thing is like dooming anyone
connected to it for the foreseeable
future including the entire Republican
party.
And um you know, if you're psyched for
President Gavin Newsome, I guess that's
a good thing. I'm not. So, I think it's
a disaster. It's a true disaster. And
again, I told Trump this like 10 times.
Like, this is going to blow up your
legacy. All this gold you put in here.
Like, they're going to take it down and
mock you as they do. Like, this is going
to blow up your You're concerned about
your legacy. You're 80 in June. Like, I
get it.
But this is not the way. And I And I
think that's proven true.
>> [snorts]
>> So, you think this will doom JD Vance as
well?
>> I don't know. Doom. I mean, I I'm
obviously not good at calling the
future, but I I couldn't be more, you
know, I couldn't be a bigger fan of him
as a man, but I think anybody connected
to this is going to have a hard time
explaining it because how is this good
for the United States? It's not.
>> One more question on this particular um
issue. It was just published that your
son, who worked for the VP, um left that
job. Did your rift with Trump have
anything to do with that and make it
hard for him?
>> Zero. He was not forced out of the role
at all. And my understanding of it is uh
let me just say in a normal world, in a
decent world,
my son or my son's job would have no
relevance at all to me.
>> Why did your son leave then if it if he
wasn't forced out? Um
>> I don't know. You can ask him, but he
was there over a year. Like I don't
know. White House is an intense place to
work. I don't want to talk about my son.
He's got nothing to do with this.
>> No, I mean,
>> no, but that's kind of the point. Like,
>> we need to defend the core beliefs of
our civilization, which by the way are
attractive to the entire world. People
move here not just for our robust
economy, but because they want to be
judged on the basis of what they did,
not on what their parents did. That's
the whole point.
>> That's collective punishment. It's blood
guilt. And we reject it. I gave this
lecture to Nick Fuentes. I gave this
lecture to Mike Huckabe. The lecture
never changes because the idea is the
core idea of our civilization.
>> Since [snorts] you mentioned Nick
Fuentes, I have one last question.
[laughter] Ah, you open the door.
>> I don't care about Nick Fuentes.
>> He is not a JD Vance fan. He's called
him a race traitor because of his
marriage to OSHA.
>> I don't care.
>> Um, who is Indian-American? Wait, let me
finish the question. I mean, given how
influential Fuentes is right now,
>> is he?
>> Is he not?
>> I don't know. Doesn't seem to be. He
didn't get us into war with Iran. Like,
who cares? Actually, that's kind of what
I'm saying. Like, all of this is like a
sideshow. Americans are being killed in
a foreign country at the behest of
another foreign country and it's going
to wreck the US dollar and cause
hyperinflation on our country. And we're
like fretting about what some kid on the
internet said. It's like, who cares?
Actually, this is a way of taking us
away from the core issues which are
economic. They're economic and that is
the one thing that nobody ever wants to
talk about. How is the money
distributed? Where does the money come
from? No one wants that. That's why like
the only left-wing movement I ever had a
lot of sympathy for was the one that
arose after the global financial crisis,
Occupy Wall Street. I wasn't I didn't
know exactly what they were about, but I
was like, "Yeah, we should be mad at the
banks because like they did this and no
one got punished." And within like 20
minutes, we're talking about black
people and white people. It was like
>> I'm I am I'm I'm happy to talk about
economics, but your interview with
Fuentes has 25 million views.
>> But to say that it doesn't matter isn't
And
>> it matters in what sense? Like does it
matter more than
>> But let me let can I finish my question?
Thank you.
given how influential he is and I I just
don't think that there's any argument
about that. Um
>> I'm wondering how
>> I'm wondering how you think JD Vance
could become the leader of the party
after Trump if you have someone like
Fuentes speaking so critically of him.
>> So I love I'm so glad you asked that
question because its premise reveals
everything.
>> All right, tell me.
>> So the premise of your question is that
JD Vance can't
>> No, I'm not saying that he can't. It's
going to be difficult for JD Vance to
advance politically because of
>> is I'm asking do you think
>> just the premise that it could be a that
JD Vance is intracial marriage is a
bigger problem than his foreign policy
views.
>> No, I didn't say that.
>> It it doesn't
>> No, I'm saying that there is a person
who is incredibly influential in the
>> Is he incredibly influential? Like on
what ev what base are you saying that?
>> Oh my goodness. There's there's lots of
evidence not only in the reach of what
he um talks about but also
>> can you name a single member of member
of Congress who's acknowledged his
existence or said I did this because he
told me to.
>> That's a groper. I I I don't know that
there's
>> Oh, there's not a single member of
Congress who would ever stand hold on
who would ever stand up and say or even
show evidence of being influenced by
Nick Fuentes where there out of 535
there are about 500 who are taking money
from Apac. I have already asked about
the war's impact on Vance. This is a
question about the future of the party
and the future of any party are its
young people. And and in the same way
that Turning Point USA has influence on
young conservatives, so does Nick
Fuentes. And so
>> I guess I don't know how we're measuring
that, but what I'm trying all I'm trying
to ask you here is is if you No, but but
listen, there is
>> a strain a strain in the Republican
party, especially among young people who
are racist, who talk about JD Vance and
his marriage in a particular way. And
I'm asking you, and you can decide not
to answer it, but I'm simply asking you.
>> Well, I'm trying to answer it. No, if
you think that that
>> is going to be a problem for JD Vance
leading the party because
>> let me answer your question. Um, you
were unable to to to
tell me how Fuentes was influential in
any way
>> other than the views on a video which
are probably lower than those on your
average porn video. So that's like not a
good measurement.
>> It's not meaningful. Does he have
influence on our politics? I haven't
seen any. Um, so let's just start there.
Second, JD Vance's problems with young
people and old people and the party
itself revolve around his views on
foreign policy and economics, which are
the issues that actually matter. Third,
race is thrown up as a distraction so
often as in this case to distract from
what actually matters because on
questions of economic let me just finish
on questions of econ if I can finish on
the
Fentis himself is a distraction from the
conversations that matter because power
is displayed through the structure of
the economic system globally and per
country and in the use of force. So it's
the economic program and the foreign
policy program are what matters in every
government from the beginning of time.
Those are the two questions on which
there's a bipartisan consensus in
Washington between Republicans and
Democrats that were we should do this
thing. The public rejects that thing on
both categories. They reject the
economics that are a consensus choice in
Washington and they reject the foreign
policy that's consensus choice in
Washington. And so Washington's
response, Wall Street's response as well
is to be like, let's have a race war and
you guys can like argue over blacks or
whites or whether JD is married to an
Indian woman. Like what? And so Fuentes
is incredibly useful for people with
actual power to divert the conversation
to something that is both irrelevant and
divisive because it's a divide and
conquer strategy. And my strong view
gained over 35 years of watching
carefully and being involved is that
that's come to its end.
>> Okay. And I JD's real problems are his
foreign policy views, the ones he's
articulated for 10 years, are in direct
opposition to the foreign policy views
of the people who fund the Republican
party and the Democratic party, same
people. And they have the same views.
>> It's the idea of the uni party.
>> It well on these questions, it's totally
true. We can argue about the trans the
trans thing. Another you can have
legitimate views on race, legitimate
views on trans. That's all those are
real issues. I'm not saying they're not.
But those are not the issues on which
empires rise and fall. The emp the real
issues are economics and foreign policy.
And on those issues there's a bipartisan
consensus. And so they throw up like,
"No, we we're disagreeing on trans.
We're disagreeing on affirmative action
or whatever." But they dis they agree on
all that matters and JD disagrees as
Trump did at least in his public
statements. This is the wrong foreign
policy course. This economic system is
hurting young people. And so Fuentes
shows up and everyone wants to talk
about Fuentes because it's really safe.
No one wants to talk about why are
capital gains taxes half those of taxes
on regular income. Like I think that's
like a critical debate. You will never
have that debate. Have you ever asked a
question about that? No. No one ever
asked that. And I think that's like
nothing's more important domestically
than that. But whatever. That's my
opinion.
>> Okay. I wish I hadn't done the Fentes
interview because
>> really
>> yeah it was totally not worth it. I mean
it was like kind of interesting I guess
but it was used as
I added to the distraction. What I
really wanted to talk about
was where we were going in this war with
Iran.
>> And I spent like a month getting calls
from people being like you're a Nazi.
Okay.
And I wish I hadn't done that. Not that
it didn't imperil my soul. I've
interviewed far worse people than Nick
Fuentes, like Mike Huckabe. Far worse
person than Nick Fuentes. Hurt many more
people than Nick Fuentes. Same with Ted
Cruz. But so I don't think it affected
me. I interview people I disagree with
all the time. And often I'm polite to
them, including war criminals.
The only person I've really been in play
with is Ted Cruz because I have limited
self-control and he's just so repulsive.
I couldn't control myself and I was a I
was a jerk and I tried to apologize. But
if you had to sit across from Ted Cruz,
it's just there's something about him.
It's just like repulsive. I mean, it's
like disgusting. Like if you entered a
men's room and Ted Cruz was there, you
would be like, I can hold it. I'm
leaving. And and I broke down under the
strain of his repulsiveness. But in
general, I try to be nice to everybody.
But man, that that Fentes interview, I
just added to the distraction.
>> I think we're done for now. We're going
to speak again.
>> We're going to speak again? [music]
>> Yeah. You didn't know that?
>> No.
>> Oh, you thought this was one and done?
[laughter]
Oh, my man. No. On the [music]
interview, we speak to our guest twice.
So, a few days later, I followed up with
Tucker Carlson. We talked about his
views on immigration, his disdain for
both parties, and whether he [music]
thinks his rupture with President Trump
is permanent.
>> Hi.
>> Hey. How you doing?
>> I'm good. All right. You're a little
loud in my ear. Let me let me turn you
down.
>> I'm a little loud in many people's ears,
>> but um um thank you for uh taking time
to talk to me again. I definitely wanted
to circle back on something because we
ended up our last conversation talking
about um Vice President Vance, but I
also wanted to ask you about somebody
else that you were close to, and that's
Don Jr., the president's son.
>> Uh he supported your new media venture
after you left Fox. So, I'm wondering
[clears throat] what your relationship
is now considering your comments about
his father. Have you talked about it?
Are you still in touch?
>> I've known Don for a long time. We share
a common love of the outdoors and we
don't actually talk a lot about
politics. We talk mostly about hunting
and fishing and so I have not spoken to
him about um the war in Iran and
probably won't but uh you know I think
his views on that are pretty pretty
wellnown.
>> So you're still in touch in other words.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I and I expect to
be. I mean Don's a friend of mine and a
and a really good guy but our
relationship is not political uh at all
really. I in fact I I don't remember the
last time I talked about politics.
>> Yeah. I mean I guess it brings me to
this wider issue about how you critique
um the president. You're always quite
careful to say how much you like him
personally.
>> Mhm.
>> Are you worried about alienating his
base though? Because aren't they some of
the same people who tune in to your
show?
>> Well, I don't think I'm careful about
saying it. I want to be honest about
saying it. I mean, you know, in part
because I was out promoting Trump, you
know, pretty aggressively for a long
time. As for his base, I mean, I don't
have a base. I'm not a candidate for
office and don't plan to be.
>> You have an audience.
>> We've seen
>> We do have an audience. Yeah. And it's
grown. And, you know, it's not exactly
clear who [snorts] that is. I mean, you
I get these readouts from our tech guys.
Well, we have, you know, new people
watch. Well, who are they? You know,
it's like you don't really know. Um,
but, you know, this war is unpopular.
The idea of sending Americans over to
risk their lives to regime change in
another part of the world is itself
unpopular whether it's in Iran or any
other country. So I I mean I think I'm
on the side of the majority in this
country and maybe the numbers reflect
that, but I'm I'm you know I don't I
don't [snorts] really think about that
when I'm thinking through what we talk
about who I interview
>> cuz I I mean you when you do look at
your page on YouTube, you do definitely
see that the numbers are much bigger
when you talk about the war in Iran. And
so,
>> well, we're in a war with Iran and it's
the biggest thing that's happened in my
lifetime and the potential consequences
include nuclear war and so it's an
inherently big deal and it's being
ignored or downplayed by most of the
rest of the media. So, I think we
benefit from taking it seriously, but
it's inherently serious. That that's my
view of it and so I would talk about it
no matter
who watched or didn't because I think
it's that it's that important.
One more question about the president.
Your comments um have clearly gotten
under his skin. I mean, he's posted long
screeds on Truth Social about you
>> and you know to refer again to those
texts that came out um in the Fox News
Dominion Legal Fight. There was one from
you saying that Trump is good at
destroying things and you wrote
>> he's the undisputed world champion of
that. He could easily destroy us if we
play it wrong. I mean, do you worry
about him destroying you now? He's got a
lot of power.
I don't worry about him destroying me. I
mean, I'm [snorts] turn 57 next month
and my kids are grown. I mean, there's
not really what can you do to me. I
don't work for anybody. And I'm not that
worried about my own life anyway. But he
does have the capacity to destroy. And I
do think that it's a binary. You're
either creating or destroying in this
life. And I think he has proved through
the course of his life better at
destroying than at creating. I mean,
he's created some, but I, you know, I
have a strong preference for creation
over destruction. And um, you know, he
he's look, one of the reasons that I
appreciated Trump from day one, in
addition to always enjoying his company
and finding him hilarious, is because he
was very good at assailing the
foundations of rotten structures. And I
knew that they were rotten because I am
from Washington and I knew those
institutions well. And I knew that
despite, you know, how they described
themselves, they were basically just
fatuous and long outdated and probably
deserve to be taken down like a house
with rotten sills. And Trump was great
at exposing that and and taking them
down. You know, USAD, I as someone from
DC, I knew a lot about USA ID and I
thought I was why are we doing this? You
know, this is counterproductive to
American interests and Trump just went
in there and took it out and and I like
that. But that is the first step. Of
course, that can't be the end stage. The
first step is you you scrape the old
property, then you build something new
and better and beautiful, and we haven't
gotten to that part of the program, and
it's not even really being promised at
this point, which is troubling.
>> Do you see a path towards supporting him
again? I mean, if he suddenly
took actions that you agreed with, um,
do you see yourself [snorts] coming back
into the fold? I'd support anybody who
made life in the United States better.
Of course, it's not it's absolutely not
personal. And that's part of what I hope
to convey by always adding the caveat,
but I like Trump cuz it's not personal.
Um, so I would always support any, and I
mean literally anybody, no matter how
unlikely the person, no matter how much
I disagreed with his previous policies
or reviled him as a man or whatever, it
almost doesn't matter. If someone's
doing a good thing, I want to be honest
enough to say, "God bless you for doing
that, and I support that thing." So,
it's it's really about what a person is
doing. It's it's about the fruit rather
than the perception. You you make this
country better. I don't care who you
are, I will cheer you on cuz I live here
and I want the country to get better.
It's not getting better. Now, it's very
hard for me to imagine any scenario in
which we look back on the last 2 months,
this war with Iran, and say that really
made us more prosperous, safer, happier,
united our country. It's just I just
can't imagine that. But then, you know,
a lot of things I haven't been able to
imagine. So if that happens, I will be
the very first person to say, "Well, I
was completely wrong about that and I'm
sorry."
>> And I'm grateful that I was wrong and I
and I will really mean it because I I'm
not again I I don't have any partisan
agenda at all. The Republican party
could not be more repulsive to me. The
Democratic party, same thing. So I I
just am in this weird non-aligned place
and it's it's totally sincere. Like I
think the parties and I'm saying this on
the basis of a lot of knowledge are
rotten beyond repair or at least simple
repairs.
>> Can you imagine creating a new party? I
mean can you imagine there being a a
different
um party that would
more closely align to your views and
perhaps others? I mean if you're saying
that these parties are rotten beyond
repair,
what are you proposing if anything? Let
let me just say just to be more precise.
Nothing is rotten beyond repair. Repairs
are always possible. You know, people
said after getting p I meant it's a it's
a cliche which I should have used on
those grounds. Rotten beyond remodeling.
I would say
>> this can't you know you can't just put a
new coat of paint or fresh drywall on
these structures because they are ridden
with rot. Okay. So I would like to see
them repaired. That would be the
simplest solution. I don't think that's
likely to happen. So, of course, I would
be thrilled to see the rise of a party
that represented the majority of
Americans, at least by intent. Look,
it's not even a question of, you know,
are you for this tax rate? Are you for
that tax rate? It's a question of
orientation. Are you going to have a
political party whose number one aim is
helping the people who put it in power,
helping the citizens of the United
States? And neither party can say that
honestly because neither party is very
interested in its own citizens.
Democratic part is much more interested
in importing new non-citizens, making
them citizens and making reliable voters
out of them. And the Republican party is
much more interested in, I don't know,
fighting wars for a foreign country. So
whatever you think of those aims,
neither one is focused on the needs of
Americans.
And I think somebody should be in a
representative democracy. Like there
should be a party that is speaking for
most people. Am I going to build it?
Absolutely not. I'm not a politician,
but I would support it as with whatever
I had, I would support it.
>> And who do you imagine being the head of
that party?
>> I have literally no idea.
>> So, could it be someone on the left?
>> Well, it could be anybody. I'm not even
sure what the left means at this point.
I mean, I have some very good friends on
the left. Now, they're not conventional
westside liberals, you know? They're not
they don't have signs in this house. we
believe in science. Like the sort of
dopey lifestyle liberalism of my
childhood, like I think that's kind of
played out. Like angry ladies telling
you to put your mask on. Like, you know,
no one wants that. But I have some
sincere left-wing friends who have a
critique of economics and foreign policy
that I agree with completely or or
substantially agree with, for sure.
>> One last question on this. Um, obviously
you're in Maine. Graham Platner is a
Democrat who is vying to be the Senate
candidate. Um, is that someone that you
whose ideas you are interested in at
all?
>> I I mean I certainly appreciate his
foreign policy views,
you know, a lot. And uh I I appreciate
how different they are from everybody
else's in his party. I haven't met him
um and I I plan to meet him. Um I don't
know a lot about his other views. You
know, I think at this point with AI
posed to destroy some high percentage of
American jobs, there's really no
justification for immigration of any
kind into the United States. You can't
say, well, we're going to, you know, 30%
of lawyers are going to be out of work
and this percentage of software coders
or accountants or, you know, any other
sort of support a family type job.
They're all going to evaporate because
of this new technology. But we have a
bunch of new H-1B people we'd like you
to meet. That's just cruelty both to and
most important to American citizens but
also to the immigrant. Like what are we
doing? So anybody who's for diluting our
labor pool with foreign labor is you
know clearly not acting in the interest
of the country and I couldn't support
anyone like that. But you know we the
prerequisite to having a rational
conversation about immigration is
dracializing it. Okay. It's not not
everything is about race.
>> I am. So
>> the truth is Sorry.
>> No, no. I was finish your thought and
then I was going to jump in.
>> Well, just
we are looking at the elimination of
some very large unspecified number of
American jobs due to technology
>> and there are going to be a lot of
unemployed people including a lot of
unemployed immigrants in this country
and you have the potential for
disunityity and and actual disruption,
you know, rupture of the social fabric
to the extent it still exists. And so
you have to shut down immigration uh
right now.
>> I'm glad you brought up immigration
because I was thinking about what you
said in our last conversation about
race. And I'm going to quote you here.
You said most of the debates about race,
ethnicity, religion, to some extent
immigration are less resonant long-term
than debates about economics. And you
said race is thrown up as a distraction.
>> And you are someone who has spent a lot
of time though talking about those
issues. You know, you've denigrated
immigrants, saying that they make our
country poorer and dirtier and more
divided, and you've long warned that
immigrants are going to replace what you
call legacy Americans. Um,
>> well, they have. The overwhelming
majority of new jobs in the last 5 years
have gone to immigrants, not Americans.
So,
>> but a debate actually.
>> But yeah, but you you called Iraqis semi
literate um primitive monkeys. I mean,
you've used language that many
>> What year did I say that? Do you know?
Um, I think it was in 2018.
Um,
>> oh, I did not say that in 2018.
>> Oh, no. 2008. I'm so sorry. Yeah, 2008.
So, 2008, right? Yeah.
>> So, the point is I'm a racist. Is that
>> No, no, the point is, were you part of
the distraction?
>> The question is, were you part of the
distraction? Because you were using
those, you know, talking about those
issues quite a lot.
>> I wasn't actually talking about those
issues quite a lot. Um, but I I would
say I have been involved in many
distractions, including that. I'm not
saying race is immaterial. Race is
important. Race is real. It's not a
social construct. It's a biological
reality. There are racial differences,
real racial differences. They're much
smaller than gender differences, but
they're still real. Um, but my point was
the one that I made initially,
which is for most Americans, people who
are born here, black, white, Hispanic,
Asian, doesn't matter of any race, the
real concerns are economic. And I do
think that
certain forces, the banks, people
loaning the money have a real incentive
to ferment disscent within the
population against each other. fight
amongst yourselves while we continue to
charge you 25% interest on your credit
card. And as I said when we first
discussed this, I noticed this after
Occupy Wall Street, which was like the
very first left-wing movement that I
thought, hm, I kind of kind of like the
the theme here. I mean, I wasn't, you
know, whatever. I'm not camping out on
the sidewalk in front of JP Morgan, but
the idea that you could have a global
financial crisis and no one responsible
for it goes to jail and the only people
who suffer are the people who took the
loans, not the ones who issued the
loans. I felt like that's just not fair.
And so I supported the idea of holding
the creditors accountable for their
crimes and none ever were held
accountable by Bush or Obama as you
know. And then I noticed, and this is
measurable actually by Alexa's search of
New York Times stories, that the term
racist, racism, white supremacy, those
exploded in New York Times stories and
not just the New York Times, but the
rest of the legacy media. And my
interpretation of this fact is that the
media was used to distract the
population with racial
>> part of the media.
>> Talk about well, I've already I've
already said I have been part of many
distractions. took me a long time to
recognize this
>> and I'm trying to be honest about it
now. Now again, there's been an enormous
amount particularly in the New York
Times, but not just of anti-white hate,
which is like totally normalized across
the American media. Whiteness is bad,
white supremacy is evil, every other
kind of ethnic awareness is great and
celebrated, but white ethnic awareness
is Nazism, etc., etc. this absurd and
pretty malicious double standard. And
that's annoying, and I've noted it many,
many times. But ultimately, what I'm
saying is that people care about their
economic fortunes and their ability to
pay their bills and secure a
>> better life for their kids. And those
things are way more important to most
Americans I have met than anything
related to race. And that's why all the
stuff about whiteness being bad, which
is like an outrageous slur if you think
about it, all of that, in my opinion,
was designed
as a distraction from the fact that the
American economy was becoming ever more
pyramid-shaped, ever more lopsided, ever
more
basically ever less middle class. The
middle class was no longer the majority
after 2015. That was not even noted in
most publications. And like that's a
tragedy. and no one even said anything
about it. Instead, it was just like
white people hate black people, black
people hate white people. I, you know,
we got played. That's my view.
>> You brought up Occupy Wall Street and
your affinity with that. And you said in
our previous interview, the future that
I imagine is not a future in which we're
yelling at each other about race. It's a
future in which people are legitimately
revolutionary, maybe even violent on the
basis of thwarted economic opportunity.
And it made me wonder, do you believe
capitalism is an evil system? a
necessary evil, something else.
And and also, what do you mean about
legitimately revolutionary?
>> Well, I certainly didn't mean to endorse
violence. I can't imagine I would ever I
would never say that intentionally. I'm
amazed that you have a tape of me saying
that and I just want to disavow it. I'm
not for violence, period.
>> Okay?
>> It's against my religion. And so, I just
want to be very, very clear that I'm
totally opposed to violence. What I mean
is the current system um and I don't
know what you would call our economic
system. Um and I'm often told it's free
market capitalism. It doesn't bear any
resemblance to what I thought free
market capitalism was. I'm not sure the
name is important except as a way to
mislead and bully people into being
quiet about it. But any economic system
in which you know the overwhelming
majority of the rewards go to an ever
shrinking number of people or or
proportion of people is a doomed system
because it makes people revolutionary. I
saw this in Venezuela which I visited as
a child. It was a prosperous kind of
first world country. beautiful country
actually.
>> And then it of course it proceeded along
the path we're on and the resentment
built and you had this very volatile
combination of electoral politics, a
democracy
and you know an economic oligarchy and
those two don't work well together and
you had a a left-wing populist take over
Hugo Chavez and and the results are are
now well known. So, I don't know what
you call this, but it's not working and
it's making for a very volatile country.
You know, people have to own things.
They have to be vested in the country in
order to dradicalize them. But when
people own nothing, they've got nothing
to lose. I mean, these are very obvious
observations.
>> Two last questions.
Um,
you can dispute the premise, which I'm
sure you will. [laughter]
I don't know that I will,
>> but I want to preempt it anyway, just
because [laughter] I think in our in our
brief time together,
>> preparing me. [laughter]
>> In our brief time together, I've I feel
like I've I've uh I've come to come to
understand a bit about you. All right.
Um I'd say two of the most seinal events
in your professional life were one, the
Iraq war, and to the election of Donald
Trump. [snorts] That's the premise. You
were for both of them.
Now you say that they were both
mistakes. So I guess why should anyone
after that track record listen to you?
Well,
>> people probably won't, you know. Um,
>> but has it caused some self-reflection
about
>> Oh, has it caused Well, I I admitted it.
So, of course, it has caused a lot of
self-reflection. And I wouldn't say, by
the way, that the 2016 election of
Donald Trump was a mistake. I I didn't
mean to suggest that. I
>> I was addressing this last year and like
what what happened to the to the
campaign promises that a lot of us
repeated enthusiastically and thought
were real.
>> But if you're saying Donald Trump could
lead this country to a nuclear war,
which is essentially what you said could
happen, then how could the 2016 election
of Donald Trump not have been something
that you regret? I mean, those two
things. I mean, if I was going to vote
for someone who might lead us to a
nuclear holocaust, I would perhaps
reconsider my my my vote.
>> Well, I don't know. I don't know if if
you remember well, but that was that
year was a choice between the lady who
killed Gaddafi for no reason and turned
Libya into a gaping wound, which it
remains, for no reason, and then laughed
about it. and a guy who said the Iraq
war was a mistake. So for me that was a
not even a close call.
>> I mean Hillary Clinton um particularly
[snorts] on foreign policy questions was
a grotesque neocon from my perspective.
So I don't regret that. Um I'm grateful
that he won in 2016. Uh my only point
once again was he campaigned against the
things he's now doing a year and a half
ago. So, I I just apologized for
repeating those campaign slogans as if
they were true. I thought they were
true. They turned out not to be true.
And I feel bad about that. You know,
[snorts] I'm often wrong. I say that and
I mean it. It's I'm not It's not a pose.
And I I do think last thing I'll say is
I think if you force yourself to admit
you're wrong, and I always force my four
children to admit they were wrong. I
didn't do a lot of spanking. The
punishment I meed out was forcing them
to admit that they had done something
wrong. That's enough. Usually, I think
if you do that, it makes you wiser over
time and you're less likely.
It doesn't mean you're not going to make
mistakes. I will make many mistakes
going forward, I assume, but it you're
less likely to fall for things once
you've apologized the first time. And
the thing that I noticed and that drove
me so crazy about Washington that I
finally left was the the cyclical nature
of bad decision-making. They wouldn't
just make bad decisions again and again.
They would make the same bad decisions
again and again and again based on the
same faulty assumptions and they could
do that because no one was ever held to
account for any failure or disaster
ever. The only people who were ever
punished were the people who complained
about it. And I watched that and it
drove me again, it drove me nuts and I
just don't want to add to that. I don't
want to be part of that at all. For all
my faults, I don't want to be part of
that. So that's it. I'm not running for
anything. And if you know people think
I'm not credible because I changed my
mind about the Iraq war or because I was
shocked that Trump launched a war he
said he wouldn't launch. Yeah, I get it.
I understand why people would feel that
way. You know, I'm not mad about it.
>> This is my um last question. It's a
personal one.
>> You know, I I talked to a lot of people
left and right about you. A lot of them
used to be your friends.
[laughter]
>> I mean, or they said they were close to
you or spent time with you. They're all
mad at me now.
>> Well, they've also they they al say that
you've changed. Um some say you've sort
of become untethered from reality. Um
and the question all of them had was
what happened to Tucker Carlson?
And it's something that I've heard
echoed a lot. You're an object [snorts]
of a lot of fascination, continuing
interest. You are at the center of a lot
of our cultural conversations. And I
would and I wonder how you would answer
that question.
>> Well, I marvel at it and I mean this
sincerely. I don't find myself very
interesting at all. I feel like I'm as
transparent as I can be. So the idea
that I've changed, well, yeah, I hope
so. America's changed a lot. And if you
still think that making the world better
is as simple as sending aircraft
carriers to a foreign country, if you
think the way to improve discourse is by
banning words,
if you think the vax is safe and
effective, I you know, I don't know what
to tell you. Like, have you not been
paying attention? Apparently not. Or
maybe you're just resistant to the
conclusions. But it's really important
if you advocate for something to watch,
to stay patient, and see how it winds
up. And if you spend a lot of time
telling people this is true, and then
you find out it's not true, you have an
obligation to say, "I'm sorry. I told
you that was true, but it turns OUT IT'S
NOT safe and effective, and regime
change isn't that simple, and no, speech
codes don't work," or whatever you were
advocating for. So, yeah, of course,
I've changed. I mean the changes that
have taken place in this country since
August of 1991 when I entered the
workforce
are bewildering to me. I mean so much
has changed. So many of my assumptions
have been blown up just evaporated
um under the pressure of reality that if
I still clung to those
that would be shameful that would be
dishonest and I don't want to be that.
Tucker Carlson, this has been so
interesting. Thank you so much for your
[laughter] time.
>> Thank you. Thank you for having me. I
appreciate it.
>> After these interviews, we reached out
to Carlson's representative to get
clarity on his claims that Senator Ted
Cruz and Ambassador Mike Huckabe have
advocated for the murder of children and
other innocent civilians. She responded
in an email, quote, Gaza. When asked for
comment, Huckabe replied that quote, "No
sane person advocates for the murder of
children or civilians and called the
allegation quote sick and evil." Cruz
replied that we should spend our time
quote actually covering people who still
matter. We also reached out to Shawn
Hannity who denied that he pressured
President Trump to go to war with Iran.
Mark [music] Levvin denied this as well
and both Levvin and Laura Loomer denied
that they had ever been out to get Vice
President J. D. Vance. We also reached
out to Rupert Murdoch and Miriam
Adlesen, but they did not respond to our
request for comment. [music]
>> I'm Lulu Garcia Navaro
>> and I'm David Maresy,
>> and we're the hosts of the Interview, an
audio [music] and video podcast from the
New York Times.
>> Every week, we interview fascinating and
influential people from all walks
[music] of life.
>> Subscribe to our YouTube channel so
you'll never miss an episode.
>> [music]